hey what's going on guys Apollo one with
another black ops 2 200 plus this time
we have a 215 25 on the map meltdown so
you know we're switching it up a little
bit on meltdowns pretty nice and once
again a game played by breaking streaks
just absolutely wrecking um the 200-plus
league getting these two hundred pluses
left and right just an absolute monster
in this gameplay is pretty ridiculous
one of his deaths is actually himself
killing our Ken killing himself with a
c4 he missed places it he throws him not
sure if I left it in there or not but
you know meltdown is definitely his best
map he's definitely plays meltdown
better than any other map on black ops 2
he just he maneuvers the map incredibly
by you know holding down that building
building he makes that building his on
both sides of the map it controls it
like king of the hill and you know
they're invading to try to invade that
building but he keeps them out um no
matter what this absolute monster using
that mp7 um but you know it's 215 kills
and you know a lot of his game plays
he's died off so many 200-plus fails you
know even when he's up there in the 220
s he gets he will fail by his own swarm
killing himself so that's not even his
own fail that's just a treyarch black
ops 2 fail his own swarm will kill him
one off dogs or escort or whatever he's
one off you guys saw his 210 21 on raid
with the mp7 you know he was a 210 210
kills and his only death was from his
own swarm so you know meltdown is a
really good map for him especially for
all these fails that he's had with his
uh own swarm killing himself i'm sure
you guys are familiar with that it
happens to everyone it's really
unfortunate you know killstreak
shouldn't be able to kill yourself even
though it's an explosive damage that
hits the enemy should not be able it
should just uh just blow up and not even
affect you you know I think there's
previous Call of Duty's where they were
missile projectiles that didn't affect
you and they should really look into
that bye
the swarms unable to kill you but you
know on meltdown like I was saying you
know holding down that building for him
it is really good because he's not going
to be able to get killed by his own
swarm so that's kind of fortunate by
being able to hold down that um that
building and you know that's that's melt
down to a really unique mat because it's
very it's pretty symmetrical you know on
both sides there's a building and then
they goes further back into the spawn
past that building and you can go right
through the bills and you guys know how
it works um and you know on both sides
you can hold that building down and
really know they're building there's a
there's no other no other map I meant to
say on black ops 2 that has a indoors
area that you can rush happy and you
know be able to still get a lot of kills
with your swarm because on meltdown they
kind of spawn in h of assy assy
formation they spawn in that fat part
behind both buildings and they spawn on
your the left side of the building and
the right side on that long route that
you can take and they'll spawn there and
it's really open and a swarm just goes
absolute ham and you know breaking
streaks definitely gets his best game
plays on on meltdown um and yeah just a
pretty decent gameplay 215 kills the
five deaths having those fives in there
makes it look good but um you know I do
want to talk about one gameplay actually
it's kind of a story that that's really
kind of sucks actually it's a black ops
2 story with breaking streaks um you
know he actually had a I think it was a
friend over he let a friend go um get
the lobby or whatever it was kill
confirmed on meltdown and uh uh you know
the guy got two hundred and fifty three
kills on kill confirmed on meltdown it
was the firt it's the most kills on Kill
Confirmed and it's the first 250 + & Co
confirmed obviously this a ridiculous
score I think it like two deaths or
three deaths or something like that on
meltdown um and it didn't save it didn't
fully save and this is what happened
it's
I think I think it was like seven
minutes and seven a half minutes even
it's something like that um and he was
179 or 177 to one I believe with three
minutes left and it was a fool party um
so I think the tags were at like 65 or
something so you know it's it's pretty
obvious that he could easily have gotten
the 250 um you know with the time
remaining especially with a full party
you know you could just tell the party
not to pick up tags obviously if he's
running spawns he wouldn't pick up tag
so he could easily be able to pick off
that 250 plus with three minutes
remaining at a hundred and seventy kills
um but unfortunately it didn't save so
you know we're not gonna claim that
records just gonna you know go off the
map and unheard of I just thought I'd
bring it up cuz 250 kills and kill
confirmed especially on meltdown you
know you I don't think people would
really expect something like that to
happen on meltdown um you know just a
ridiculous scoreline I thought I'd just
mention it um just so that you know it
wasn't unheard of or whatever but you
know you're not gonna see that games
like it's not the full game place so you
know there's no net really a hundred
percent proof even though it's pretty
obvious that he could have easily pulled
it off with the time remaining and the
score that he was at when theatre cut
the recording off and you know that's
something I hope that they fix in modern
referred for whatever the next Call of
Duty title is I really do hope they fix
um you know theater mode because you
know regular players like people in
elite clans and stuff like that even in
carnage elite they can't really go for
gameplays because they don't have PVR
and they really just can't can't really
rely on theatre um and you know it's
gonna be it's gonna be pretty awesome to
have theatre record everything that you
do once again hopefully in the next call
of duty so that you know elite players
and regular players that people don't
have PVR's can still get gameplays and
have you know other people upload or
record them in their theaters so you
know that's unfortunate for breaking
streaks at 250 that's gone especially in
Kill Confirmed unfortunate but you know
you're not that's not the end up
breaking streaks you're definitely be
seeing some abs
ridiculous game plays from here in the
future and you know if you're watching
this video at this point leave a smiley
face in the comments saying I'm ready
for Saturday because I'm Saturday guys
we're gonna be uploading a crazy game
play so do not miss it be here for
Saturday and you know leave a comment
below saying i'm waiting for saturday or
something like that or for this upcoming
saturday so anyways guys been apollo 1
go check out breaking streaks an
absolute monster and you know he
actually has a 9 kb andale i think it's
eleven hundred or a thousand score per
minute so an absolutely ridiculous
player um if you're really hating on
reverse boosting you know he doesn't do
it on washer and dryer that's his
account so absolutely ridiculous player
hopefully guys enjoyed and i'm out so
yeah yeah I don't much that got on my
leather jacket driller to show me
nothing
my lady killer I water